Thank you very much.
There was also such a grand welcome ceremony
I say keep it simple.
There's no need to waste it.
Mr. Gu, you are welcome.
You are the richest man in the building
How can simplicity work?
This welcome meeting
It was co-founded by our Jiangzhou Chamber of Commerce
Absolutely not wasted
That's good, I don't know who you are, miss.
Mr. Gu, this is the general manager of the Jiaxili Group
It is also the current venue of our Jiangzhou Chamber of Commerce.
It was the president
Sure enough, you can be young.
Hey, Mr. Gu's junior Qi Guangjin
We both met in Dee
Warmly welcome you to Linjiang Prefecture
Qi Guangjin
I've heard of you.
Your Qi family is the only century-old family in Jiangzhou
Right? A little bit of fame is not comparable to you, Mr. Gu.
Of course, under the fame, there is no need to show off talents
It seems that this trip to Jiangzhou
The partner I need has been found
Mr. Gu, you are really a disgrace to the younger generation.
Mr. Gu
This is a gift from Mr. Li and I to you.
And gifts